docs: project management details (#25)
mrs-electronics-inc/mrs-sdk-qt: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributor Manual

> Contributions from others are more than welcome here! This is an open-source project, after all. While we do use this product for commercial purposes, we also want it to be a helpful resource to the open-source community!

Reviewer: What's the tone we're going for here?

This almost feels too in your face chipper 😅

Author: Fair point :rofl: any suggestions on wording! I thought it should be a nice greeting but yeah you're not wrong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions from others are more than welcome here! This project is open-source in order to facilitate integration, customization, and improvement of our SDK for you and your hardware setup.
```

### GitHub Project

All issues in the SDK project are managed from [this GitHub project](https://github.com/orgs/mrs-electronics-inc/projects/4/views/1).

All new SDK issues should be assigned to this project. The defaults should be `Planning` for status and `Normal` for priority. The project managers will look at the new issue and triage it appropriately.

**This GitHub project is the single source of truth for project status.** So, we expect all contributors to update their issues as work progresses to ensure that the GitHub project is always up-to-date.

### Creating New Issues

Creating new issues is highly encouraged, whether it's feature ideas, newly discovered bugs, potential refactors, or something else. Even if your idea isn't very high-priority, creating an issue to leave on the backburner is better than letting the idea slip through the cracks.

When you create an issue, try your best to do the following:

- Give it a properly formatted title according to the [conventional commit standard](https://github.com/pvdlg/conventional-commit-types?tab=readme-ov-file#commit-types)
- Set the issue type based on the title's prefix

> - Flesh out the different parts of the description

Reviewer: I'm going to handle this in a separate issue and PR

> - Flesh out the different parts of the description

Reviewer: https://github.com/mrs-electronics-inc/mrs-sdk-qt/issues/26

- `Hot Fix`: critical bugs that need fixed immediately. These issues will require a patch release as soon as the code changes are completed and merged.
- `Must Have`: issues that are required for the upcoming release.
- `Important`: issues that would be nice to have for the upcoming release but are not required. If they get pushed back to a future release it's not a big deal. However, we don't want these to get pushed back over and over again.
- `Normal`: issues that have no real priority. These are backburner ideas that we'll get to eventually, but at the moment they're not important.

#### Issue Weight

The weight of an issue is a loose measure of how much development time it will take to complete based on its complexity/difficulty.

One weight is equal to approximately 4 hours of development, or half a day's work.

If an issue's weight is greater than or equal to `4`, or 2 days' worth of work, then it should probably be split into multiple smaller issues. Please tag a maintainer if this is the case.

#### Issue Milestones

In this project, each milestone corresponds to an upcoming release. All issues desired for a release should be assigned to its milestone.

> The project managers will take care of assigning issues to the correct milestones. DO NOT change an issue to another milestone yourself.

Reviewer: We should be consistent with project manager vs maintainer. I would probably prefer maintainer.

If you discover that something in the issue description needs changed/updated, feel free to do so, but make sure that large revisions are vetted by a project manager before you continue development. This helps avoid scope creep. You can get a PM's input by tagging them in a comment on the issue.

As you develop code for each item in the proposal checklist, check that item off of the list so that maintainers can see how you're progressing.

### In-Review Issues

Once you have a PR ready for review, move the issue to the `In Review` status. The issue should stay in this status until the PR has been merged.

If your issue requires multiple PRs, which is possible for larger issues, then move it back to `In Progress` after the current one is merged so that we know it's still in development.

### Completing an Issue

Once the PR for your issue has been merged, verify that all acceptance criteria for the issue have been met. If everything is completed then you can move the issue to the `Done` status. Doing so will automatically mark it as closed.

## Development Workflow

This section outlines the general process for development of new code in this project.

### Git Branching

> As of now, all repos in this project utilize the trunk-based branching strategy. The `main` branch is the default branch, and all other branches are created from `main`.

Reviewer: There's only one repo
